The Joe Rogan experience.
I bet that's why Eddie Murphy stopped doing standup. I mean, it's just like his,
his movies are doing so good and he you're more insulated in that world
too. He got too famous too. It's like, it's almost like it's a better way.
Yeah. What do you think is going to be like when he comes back? Who knows?
If he's gonna, I mean, it's a lot of money on the line for him.
I'm sure he's got a lot. He's got a lot of money, but I mean.
I watched Norbert the other night, I've been talking to people post about, oh,
it's.
Fun. Oh man. It's funny.
What's coming to America the next night family movie night.
What was that movie he did with Owen Molson lice by or something like that?
Something spy I.
Spy. Was it? Hmm. Oh no. It.
Was actually a really good movie. I enjoyed that movie a lot. He's.
Not alive movies, man.
He's one of those guys where his movies don't get the respect that they deserve
for some strange reason. Like a,
what was that one that he did with Steve Martin?
Uh, Bowfinger. Yeah. That is a great movie. Do you know the story behind that?
Right.
About the Heather Graham character was allegedly and hash was supposed to be,
it was based on an hash really. That's what I heard based on her. Yeah.
How she was dating Steve Martin. And she ended up with a woman. Yeah.
And then ended up, she ended up with, then she ended up,
she ended up with Ellen degenerate. That's right.
And then she ended up marrying a man after that. That's right.
Just keep it moving. Yeah. Whoever's going to take me. I'm good with it.
I've actually met her and she was very nice too. So I, you know,
I felt what happened to her, man. I don't know.
She was shooting a series up in Canada for a little while.
That's where I met her. But Eddie, you know,
the problem with Eddie was not the problem.
What happened with Eddie was his movies in the eighties were so huge.
You know, it's like opening with a phenomenal joke.
And then the rest of your act,
you can't follow it despite how good the rest of the jokes are.
I put in so many of those movies, it was, we're still really good.
They just didn't get the respect for something. Beverly.
Hills cop 48 hours coming to America, trading places.
I mean hit after hit, after hit, not like a little bit of a hit. He was the man.
And then, you know,
you got another 48 hours and then you got Beverly Hills cop two and three
Steven. They were good. Yes.
That was the first time I saw sequels that were like, wow,
that's just as good as the first one. But it wasn't.
You're like a time period where he wasn't doing films or they weren't as
popular. And then you get films like bow finger.
And yeah. So I think, um, after he did that,
one movie was like a, like a military kind of movie.
Yeah. In the late eighties,
it was somewhere around trying to branch out or something after golden child,
it kind of fell apart a little bit. Oh, is that what it was? Yeah.
There was a pre or post.
My girl wants to party all the time. That was post. Okay. So that was an issue.
Yeah. That was a.
Different, you know, find this Henderson. Yeah, sure. Yeah. He, you know,
he wrote that Freddy really? Yeah. Apparently fine. It's fine.
He told me he wrote it for him. Wow. He was,
I used to help Eddie with that back in the day.
And cause finest was actually a really big,
he had a really big song back in the day called skip to my Lou. Really? Yeah.
It was a really dope R and B track, like early eighties.
I remember I was in New York city in Eddie Murphy had that song. Nope.
I was in Boston.
I was in Boston and Eddie Murphy had that song come out and I was like,
this guy can do anything. That was one of those things where like when,
when a person does that, like Rick James produced it for him. Did he really? Oh,
that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
There's some of those guys that could just kind of do anything.
They could do movies, they could do comedy.
He's got a reggae album out now. You know, that was,
it came out like three years ago. Yeah. Eddie Murphy. Yeah.
A couple of years ago, Eddie Murphy released a reggae album.
See, I always feel like with certain dudes,
like whether it's him or Jamie Fox or dudes who had just have the,
like this really diverse set of skills,
they're probably just always doing something. Whether you know about it or not.
They got a they're they're just creatives that they can't stop creating. Right.
And then they get, you know,
I think the thing with a lot of people are creative and a lot of people,
I think what you need is the Eddie Murphy. That's the reggae.
Red light featuring Snoop dog. Whoa, Snoop lion.
Look at this. He's playing guitar.
Yeah. He plays instruments and. Yeah. Okay.
We can't play any of it, but it's a flashy, just a little fluff.
I'm going to have to go and get this now. That's correct. Well, I'm not shocked,
man. I'm not shocked. And I,
and I know he was thinking about doing standup again,
but I do not know if he's actually doing standard.
Do you know? It was at his house? Uh, January of last year,
January, 2019, Tiffany Haddish took me to his house.
And uh, it was this night that I was really not supposed to be there.
I wasn't invited, but Tiffany was like, come with me and I'm like, hell yeah.
So I went and it was,
it was this incredible night at Eddie Murphy's house where, um,
I walked downstairs. The first person I see is Jamie Fox. It was like, Hey man,
what's up? I'm like, what's up Jamie? And he's like, yeah. And then, uh,
and then I turn, I see Neil Brennan. And then I,
and then I look at the bar and I see Sasha Baron Cohen and Eila Fisher sitting
at the bar. And I'm like, what the have I won? And then I see Kimmel.
Then I say, bill Hader. And then I hear behind me yell,
is this what you can means? Always do a hangout with each other.
And I turned around and it's, Q-tip from a tribe called quest. And I'm like,
what up tap? And they were like, what the is going? What have I walked into?
Wow. And then Jeff Ross was there and then Chappelle came,
Chris rock came and I was like, what if I walked into?
But the good thing is, you know, cause you were comics. We all know each other.
And then I, you know,
I'd only met Eddie once for like a split second at a fight. And uh,
he knew my name then. But when I walked, when I walked in the base, he goes,
Hey Russell, thanks for coming. I'm like.
Eddie Murphy knows my name. That's all I can think of. Holy,
Eddie Murphy knows my name.
I met him once with Charlie. I rented a Charlie. Charlie.
Was so great. He was such a sweet guy.
Charlie and I did a tour together, uh, for a maximum, the bud light comedy tour.
And um, with John Heffron and then just randomly, uh,
I was in Maui in just Charlie was in Maui and uh,
I went over and sat with him and Eddie Murphy was weird.
It was so strange. How was he when he was with Charlie? Just real friendly man.
Yeah. He was really nice. It was like nothing weird about him. And.
Super-friendly his first words goes you a funny. Yeah. I was like, oh my God.
These are the things that faint. Yeah, dude, I, uh,
I was like that whole night. I honestly didn't say a word to anybody.
I was just in shock. The entire time was just like,
I know every time I turn my head and then I was standing in the doorway like
that and it's, it's me standing beside Eddie and then Chris rock,
Jamie Foxx and Neil Brennan.
And they're all trying to convince him to do standup again. Wow.
And I'm just there, like I have nothing to add to this conversation.
Like I'm not on Jamie's level, not on Chris's level, you know,
Neil credit spells. I'm like, I'm just there, but they didn't make me feel like,
what are you doing here? They made me feel included. So that was nice.
But that is nice. But uh, they, you know, there was like, Eddie was like,
I haven't done it in 30 years. I'm like, I'm pretty sure you've still got it.
Oh, he's got it. He said, he said, he's got about five minutes. Uh,
I got about five minutes, but you know,
you guys are out there doing it every day. And I know he,
I know he wants to do it, but it depends on how he approaches it. You know?
Well.
It depends on how he feels or if he just decides he wants to do it.
The thing about standup is that you have to do in front of people. You know,
you got to go out there and do it.
There's no theory to it, right? Yeah. It's.
Not like music. You can,
you could create an album with just you and your friends.
You can't really create a comedy set without being at
a place where you're going to have random people come and pay money to see you.
And that's the other problem he's got overcome is that people are going to be
coming, expecting, you know,
maybe they were expecting delirious or raw coming out of him. Right.
It's a 60 year old man. Now he's got 10 or 11 kids. I think he does.
When I, when I met him, when I was at his house, his,
his baby was only maybe a couple months old or a month old. Wow. And then,
uh, end of the night, I got stuck in the basement of his house. What happened?
Well,
everyone was leaving and I didn't know where Tiffany went and I'm literally
standing against the wall. And I'm the only uninvited guy there really.
You know what I mean? Like all the Netflix people were there and I'm like,
oh boy, I don't know what the. And I'm looking around, like,
I know where the Tiffany went. And uh,
I finally like as me and then eight of Eddie's kids were sitting at this one
table and I'm just standing there like a creep, like right across from them.
And I see Kenya Barris going upstairs and I was like,
Kenya don't leave without me. So I left,
I went up with him and as you walked up there, the door opened to suggest,
just get the out of the house. And I was like, um, said the lady, Hey, uh,
I came with Tiffany and she's kinda my ride. Cause she did,
she picked me up and I'm like, um, I don't know where she is.
And then they were like, oh, I think she went to the backyard. I go, okay.
And I'm like, I don't like, what am I supposed to do with that?
I'm not going to go walking around the guy's house. Right. Where do you get,
how do you get to the backyard? God, one of his sons was walking by and goes,
oh, I'll take you to the backyard. And I said, oh, thank goodness.
So I go to the backyard, it's massive backyard. And this house is insane.
Where does he live? Um, Beverly Hills. Of course. Yeah.
But in that really exclusive gated community,
they're like we're Denzel lives alone in these massive houses.
Yeah. Like I think, I think honestly it was about 30,000 square feet.
The house weird.
Must that be, to be that guy to like, you know,
know those people who those people are when you're young and then all of a
sudden you're one of them people.
It's listen. I mean, I'm still a gas from it a year and a half later.
I guess I can only imagine. I mean,
there's like an exclusive a list celebrity group of humans.
And there's like, I guess like when a guy like him has a party like that,
like those are the only people that are just going to be semi-normal around him.
Yeah. Yeah. He can't have that late. Eddie is this,
this is going to be a funny speech.
Yeah. No, none of that. You can't have no weirdos can't have any.
And that's why I didn't want to say anything. Cause I wasn't sure what I'm like,
am I going to say something stupid and be like, who brought this guy?
You can't have any normies. Yeah. And I felt too normal. Yeah. I felt,
it felt like a mortal.
Isn't that funny? Like, like you go to the common story fit right in. Yeah.
But if you go, like when you're around too many celebrities,
you do feel like a fraud. Yeah.